=== TODOs before first release ===

Layout:
x Have a first final layout: 
  - Background color, consistent button-style
x Add clean, consistent style to all options.
x Get an idea how it looks a mobile device and adapt if necessary.
  x Maximize used screen size.
  x Have a fixed size for the dice area. No more change of the container-size
    when adding or removing dice. (Content+Footer)
  x No moving control-panel when adding or removing dice.
  o Firefox OS Simulator: Not useable in landscape-view. Solve it.
x Have a consistent height of the content in order to avoid scrollbars. However,
  overflow/scrollbars must be visible if the content does not fit the window size, 
  in order to get the buttons.
X Allow for scalable dice: Either include SVG into html with scaling as ng-
  parameter or scale inside the SVGs.
x Center the dice vertically.
o Resort to meaningful Header and Footer text.

Deployment:
o Test the application in various browsers (at least, FF, Chromium, IE (current)
  and Opera). Test it in jsfiddle before.
o Prepare the Chrome Web Store deployment steps for the dice application.
o Have some place to host the project (Chrome Web Store).
o Add google-analytics or so.
o Monetization 
  o Have some information about me, at least a contact email address. 
  o Add a link to the projects github page, start a feedback tracker there.
  o Add a "Share"-button: Creates a screenshot from the current dice-result, 
    encapsulated in a link to the dice-app, which can be shared on facebook.
  o Add basic FB-like button, Google-Plusone.js, ...
o Allow for feedback on github ('create issue') or via mail.

"Configuration"-area: 
X - Resort to meaningful actions:
  x 1. Number of dice, add and remove. Have a meaningful maximum number of dice. 


=== Future TODOs ===

Layout
--Usability
  o Update layout, but keep dice values when the device is rotated by 90 degree. 
    This probably requires the layout-properties to be written as CSS.
  o Use fast-click, if delay is a problem for the 'feel' of the app.
  F Use 'Normalize.css' for a consistent style. 
    Failed: Does not change anything, is probably already included in bootstrap.
  o Load bootstrap from external api-server (allows for caching).
  o Position the Roll-More-Less-Dice bar at the bottom of the white space, determine
    the size of the dice-container using JS like for the outer elements.
  o Have something like "Takes 100% window size but at most 40cmx60cm" for
    container sizes. It should take 100% on mobile devices (even those with 
    large resolution) and be rather small on large classical screens. The 
    second could be achieved by scaling the window by hand.
  o Use 'em' instead of 'px' and 'pt'.
--Eye-Candy
  o Cleanup HTML: Separate nicely between markup, CSS and scripting.
  o Show an animation and have a short delay when rolling is initiated.
  x Adapt scaling and position of the dice to the number (center dice, reduce 
    scale when adding dice)
  o Show configuration only on "mouse-hover"
  o Add shadows for border and dice.
  o Disable +/- buttons when upper/lower limit is reached.
  o Do smaller scaling steps, but do not decrease responsiveness.

Compatibility
o Add fallback for browsers which do not support inline SVG:
  <!--[if (gt IE 8)]><!--><svg></svg><!--<![endif]-->

Maintainance
o Create a skript to refresh the ftp-contents.

Code
o Clean up the code, in case anybody has a look into it (potential employers).
  o Separate markup (html) and layout (css)
  o Separate js into functionality (add-dice etc.) and layout (resize-listeners etc.)
o Migrate to Bootstrap 3

Performance
o Experiment with different SVg styles: Inline, external, separate files for
  each eye-count.
o Make sure that the dices are just painted once, after the white-box has its size
  and that the compute_edge_length() function is called only once.
o Make sure only minified and required external CSS and JS is included.

Deployment
o Add a link to a project page, e.g. on sternisko.com.
o Add an ad-banner.
o Remove sternisko.com's content or make it öffentlichkeitswirksam.

"Configuration"-area
  2. Color of dice: Have a stylish selection.
  3. Select "eye-style": show eyes or numbers on each die
  4. Enable/disable delay with animation.

